7/12/25 - Reaching out to the outside world from my comfort zone.
Try to count the ridiculous amounts of references to film, television,
social, music, print, and other media.

<---   THOUGHTS   --->
Woke up at 6am. Finally starting to get on schedule here. 6.5hrs of sleep is better than 2,
which is what I used to be getting on average. Probably contributes to heart troubles, 
but I didn't get a sleep study done. Y'know... what're ya gonna do.

So... yeah. 7/11 .txt is a bit unhinged but... kinda everything I do on the computer is.
Gotta love IT. This is why it's not really for me.

Today, I woke up and "chose violence," as the millennials would say.
Today, I will be actually studying and learning for once in my life.
Time to whet the brain-worm's appetite. I had cookies for breakfast, 
because I don't have time to wait for dessert.
I can have that when suppertime is over. But I ain't happy about it.

<---   TODAY'S MISSION:   --->
Learning re, sys, os in python. Not happy about it. Wastes my time, a little bit.

Sending E-mails and doing a butt-ton of paperwork (it's slightly more than a butt-load, 
but not to be confused with a button.)

Chapter 7+8 of TYFA, been putting that off for a couple of days. 

Taking my unresolved anger out on the weeds. Wanted to visit the
property today, but my "landlord" had other plans for me.

Buying a "dumb" watch. I want to look good, and I've been told by many sources
wrist accessories accentuate my forearms. The Apple Watch consistently reminds
me of my arrhythmia, which contributes to it, recursively lmao.

Possibly building a lego set, should I find the time and have my druthers.

<---   Bad News/Angry Thoughts   --->
Thus far, I've wasted an hour and a half with my wake-up process.
I've wasted about 30 minutes writing this out just to get my thoughts out of my head.
It'll probably be about an hour or so by the time I'm done writing this. But, we like
to get the bad news outta the way first. God, I can't even think about the word "this"
without thinking about programming. Ruined me, and made my depression worse.

Whoever the inventor of the "super-mega-ultra-deluxe insulated" commuter mug is my worst enemy 
right now. Pray that I do not find out who patented that nonsense; it has caused me to drink 
boiling water way too many times. Like, if I HAD the SPECIFIC HEAT CAPACITY of the 
COMMUTER MUG'S MATERIAL, I would be able to calculate HOW LONG I SHOULD WAIT in order to 
AVOID DRINKING F***ING BOILING WATER. 

Why does everybody else seem to get a vacation, except for me? My time off has
been spent preventing my own death and self-destruction. I wish I could've been
out east, but alas, I'm stuck, once again.

Running out of coffee, I will have to go to the store eventually. Probably not
today, unfortunately.

<---   Good News/Happy Thoughts   --->
Those damn weeds are no match for my superior intellect and opposable thumbs.

I look f***in' hot today. Yeah, that's right. Alert the presses, tell everyone
that you know. He's a menace, and he's roamin' the streets again. Some kinda goblin
or troll or somethin'.

I have lost quite a bit of weight. I'm sure that's good for my heart.

I had cookies for breakfast, that's not something everybody can say. I mean,
yeah if you're eating like, "Cookie Crisps TM", then sure.

Hello, We're Back Department?
I'd like to file a claim.
