7/11/25
This is as free-form of a "poem" as a poem can get.

I just recently realized that Linux freaks the hell out when you have extra dots at the end of your files.
And by "just recently," I mean just the other day.
And by "just the other day," I mean many months ago. <=== check out that alliteration, eh? Not as free-form as I had initially thought!
Also, that's an example of parallelism^^^. Get some. Get bent. There's another example!!! He's on a roll!
Also, this poem inspired me to write an inefficient python script lol. I will post it directly after this.

The crowd goes wild!!! AHHHHHHH...! AHHHHHHHHH...! "Minikowalkes we love you, please don't have a heart attack!"
I'm trying my damndest not to. But with arrhythmia and hypertension, it's kind of only a matter of time without the right medication.
Hopefully, this gets sorted next week. I am no longer the "white monster drinkin' White Monsters." I drink coffee now, for my health.

What this means for me is that my "versioning control scheme" is not platform independent. Works on Windows though, I guess.
Although, I'd rather it work better on Linux... because I'm the new Linux guy lmao.
Also, the damn pathing issue for python modules on Windows I still can't figure out. I even tried using AI to solve my
module pathing issues, and I HATE AI. Hate is such a strong word, but ain't ain't a word, so we ain't gonna use it.

Newsflash - I still have that same pathing issue. Uh-oh, the "em-dash" suggests the use of AI here, but
why the hell would I use AI to write out my own damn thoughts? Why am I choosing to put them on a public platform?
Y'know, normally I would write this in a journal. Keep your judgements to yourself; journaling definitely helps.

The inner machinations of my mind are (not) an enigma. <=== had to throw a Spongebob quote in here somewhere lmao.

I have been considering buying another laptop out of sheer tech-hoarding insanity. I could get like a crappy Dell Celeron
laptop for like... $500 or less but I'm finding it extremely hard to part with a dollar right now.
I have an old dinosaur machine that I've been meaning to resurrect like Colossal Biosciences Lab lmao.
I have been told in the past by anti-social media,
"you either huff dangerous chemicals for a living,"
"or you stare at excel spreadsheets for a living."     <=== had to do some weird, not pedantically correct quotation marks because
                                                           I like this shade of blue lol.
The former you pay for with your body,
The latter you pay for with your mind.

I actually straight up have no clue if the light blue will show up on github.
This is just a .txt file, so there shouldn't be any syntax highlighting whatsoever.
So this is just es okay why is es highlighted...

So this is just essentially a to-do list. Because I love making lists and never referencing them again lmao.
I'm excited to see whether or not these colors show upon actually finishing this "poem," which is just 
an over-glorified TO-DO list.

First thing's first, I have to pretty much copy-paste all my code into PEP-8 (and Linux) compliant .py files,
and edit my versioning schema. I'm not looking forward to doing this.

Secondly, I need some ice cream. <=== this will likely occur first. It's a million degrees where I reside,
and I never follow proper order-of-operations. Some would argue I cannot follow simple instructions, but
I have a tendency to disagree. I'm just in disarray without the knowledge of sorting algorithms hehehe.

Third, Gentoo machine. That poor, poor T1480 or whatever model Thinkpad. $40 on eBay, came out to like $52 with shipping.
I was surprised the damn thing worked! I was totally prepared to be sold a lemon!

4) Just noticed the "Preview" option. Wonder if that will work for... whatever idk.

"Fifthliest" in the superlative, damn "regex machine" ain't workin'. That's the Magnum Opus project, I suppose.
But I don't want to do it in Python... but that's the language I unfortunately have the most experience with.

Hexagonally, gotta find the proper textbook for one of my courses. I return statemented it without writing
enough notes prior to returning it. But I knew I was goin' away for a while.

Seventh, PHP and Perl. Literally just dumbass personal goals with no timeframe. Like, I'm not a webdev guy,
but something about PHP entices me. I don't yet understand what it is, yet I want to. Also, I like elephants and camels, respectively.

Eighter, I have like... SEVERAL (several meaning at least 3) different pygame projects that I **should** hypothetically be working on.
A sincere apology to those who I've promised results, I honestly really dislike reading python documentation, even after several cups of coffee.

Niner-niner, Descriptive Inorganic Chemistry, 6th ed. I do a fair amount of self-guided study and learning.

Last, but certainly not least, I must get back to where I once belonged. I may write more "poetry" in the meantime.
